La Beaute De Hanoi Hotel has everything you need for a comfortable stay. Take advantage of the hotel's valet parking, concierge, tours, 24-hour front desk, express check-in/check-out. Designed for comfort, selected guestrooms offer coffee/tea maker, blackout curtains, in room safe, air conditioning, balcony/terrace to ensure a restful night. Rooms feature a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a minibar and a seating area. The en suite bathroom offers bathrobes, a bathtub and a hairdryer. Located on the 8th floor, Calypso Roof Top Restaurant serves Asian and Western delights from 06:30 to 21:30. The hotel offers various recreational opportunities. In addition to such modern amenities as IDD, air-conditioning, 32 inch LCD TVs, satellite TV, Wi-Fi internet, DVD players, mini-bars and safety boxes, service is paramount as <a href=http://www.hotels-in-vietnam.com/asia/vietnam/hotels_hanoi/La_beaute_de_hanoi.html>La Beaute de Hanoi</a> aims to set a new standard in boutique hotel accommodation. Professional staff are ready to advise and assist our guests at all times and make them as comfortable as possible by attending to such tasks as unpacking, packing, ironing, preparing bathes and, of course, arranging tours, theatre reservations… The chic and elegant La Beaute de Hanoi Hotel conveniently located at the heart of Hanoi's Old Quarter, welcomed its first guests in June 2014.  This exclusive residence, the newest luxury 3 star boutique hotel in Vietnam's capital is unlike any other property in the dynamic city.
La Beaute De Hanoi Hotel is gracefully designed to blend sophisticated elegance with modern beauty while preserving its oriental spirit.  Sited only minutes from Hanoi's famed Hoan Kiem Lake and the fabled shopping streets of the Old Quarter, La Beaute de Hotel offers a superb choice of boutique accommodation. Featured amenities include complimentary high-speed (wired) Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Event facilities at this hotel consist of conference space and meeting rooms.
